# Introduction
We are currently living in the golden age of the internet, and as a result of this, we are also living in the golden age of booba. Gone are the days of having to steal your dad’s Playboys, and fapping to the images in a JC Penny catalogue. At any moment you can instantly pull up booba. Small booba, big booba, black booba, blue booba, one booba, three booba. Not even Dr. Seuss could have imagined this. 
I started writing this when I was sober, and brimming with ideas. I am now drunk, and flirting with the waitress at this beer bar and my laptop out like some faggot. Fucking hell bros. Anyways, there’s an opportunity here to utilize the combined autism of the Boobahub group chat. 
What I’m proposing is a cross-chain NFT/Booba platform. Substrate for DOT uses Rust, and Solana projects are also built with Rust. I haven’t done any research on this matter, but I assume this would make deploying the Boobahub platform across both of these platforms a relatively straightforward task. 
# Brainstorming

Before I get too far out of here, these are some of the ideas for the shitcoin I had in mind:
- A straight NFT platform. We just mint NFTs of Booba and people pay in BOOBA coin or something. Do something like mint zero two as the second NFT ever on the platform. Then just whatever comes up in the chat.
- Egirls can mint their own NFTs, but it’s hyper exclusive e.g. only 10,000 Booba coins in existence, and you need at least 1 Booba coin to be able to participate. I haven’t looked into it, but I think this is basically what that Jebus project $treat is. 
- I fuck with this idea, but it is pretty close to what $treat is. Just looked into it some more. Main difference being that with $treat you hold the coin to be able to vote on which egirls are chosen to be on the platform, but with $booba the egirls would be the ones that would have to hold the coin to be able to post. I’m getting too deep into the ponzinomics though, that can come last tbh. We’re just trying to make something fun right now.
- The main idea at the moment is to make a fun boobahub coin so we can learn how to use substrate on DOT, the SOL cross chain shit was added after the fact because I (stockmart) figured it’d be something we could figure out how to do since substrate and solana coins are both written in Rust. 
- Maybe we don’t even have to take the NFT route, what if you could pay for one shitcoin then have access to all the premium pornsite or something? Lol
